#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
--index-url https://copilot-python-dev:howdyhawaiiheckhonda@copilot.jfrog.io/copilot/api/pypi/copilot-python/simple

albumentations==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
coloredlogs==15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==4.4.2
    # via networkx
humanfriendly==9.1
    # via coloredlogs
imageio==2.9.0
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
imgaug==0.4.0
    # via albumentations
joblib==1.0.1
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
map-boxes==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib==3.3.4
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
networkx==2.5
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.20.1
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   map-boxes
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   pyqtgraph
    #   pytorch-pfn-extras
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
opencv-python-headless==4.5.1.48
    # via albumentations
opencv-python==4.5.1.48
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imgaug
pandas==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   map-boxes
pillow==8.1.2
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   imgaug
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via matplotlib
pyqt5-qt5==5.15.2
    # via pyqt5
pyqt5-sip==12.8.1
    # via pyqt5
pyqt5==5.15.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pyqtgraph==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-ignite==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytorch-pfn-extras==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.1
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via albumentations
scikit-image==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albumentations
    #   imgaug
scikit-learn==0.24.1
    # via sklearn
scipy==1.6.1
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   imgaug
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
shapely==1.7.1
    # via imgaug
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   imgaug
    #   python-dateutil
sklearn==0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==2.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2021.3.5
    # via scikit-image
timm==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
torch==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytorch-ignite
    #   pytorch-pfn-extras
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   timm
tqdm==4.59.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via torch
